>> Jen Kramer Hello Mac people.
This video is for you.
If you're a PC person,
skip right on over this video and
go watch a video of the same name but
is for PC people and for Windows 10.
This is just for you Mac people.
So as you take a look at your Macintosh,
I assume you have basic computer skills,
you're pretty familiar
with how your Mac looks.
This is the desktop of my computer.
It's super clean cuz I
cleaned it all off for you.
Nothing there to confuse you.
So as you see here, the only thing
that's available to me is my hard drive.
If you click somewhere here on the desktop
where there's nothing located, so
if you have a bunch of files and
stuff all over your desktop,
just click somewhere
where there's nothing.
You'll see this menu come up
across the top of your Macintosh,
this is called the finder, and
the finder is your files and folders.
And so, we can get into this
by simply going into File
under the Finder and
then going to New Finder Window.
This is gonna go ahead and
open up a window here that's gonna
show you all of your files and
folders that were created, in my case,
created recently here on this computer.
So over here on the side,
we have a bunch of stuff.
We have a desktop that is a folder.
We have downloads, that's a folder.
We have documents, that's a folder.
The Cloud drive, that's a folder.
Dropbox, that's a folder.
Recent, that's a folder.
Everything is a folder, okay?
And so you can get on in here and
you can move around and
click on things and
get inside of these folders.
That's the way that you
would go about doing that.
>> Jen Kramer Now let's talk very
specifically about extensions for
your various files and so forth.
So you might have noticed here
in my recent files that I
have a bunch of files here.
For example, I have this file here and
it's called index.HTML.
So it's got a dot after it and
some more letters.
Now if you take a look at your recent
files, over there on the side,
you may see a bunch of files here
that have nothing after that.
So it might just say index or
accordion or styles.
And of course, you should know too
that these are my recent files.
Your recent files
are going to be different,
you're gonna have different
things in this particular folder.
So you might be wondering
how you can turn that on so
that you can see .html or .css, or .png.
I've got a bunch of
stuff going on in there.
And so the way you would go about
doing that is you're going to go,
make sure you're still in your finder.
It says finder up here in
the upper right-hand corner.
And you're going to go
to Finder > Preferences.
>> Jen Kramer And
then you wanna click on the Advanced tab.
>> Jen Kramer And in here, we want to
make sure that the item that says,
show all filename extensions,
make sure that is checked.
Make sure that is checked off and
probably,
the best place to be as you do
that is probably on your desktop.
Just make sure that those extensions
are turned on pretty much everywhere.
But go ahead and check that box that says,
show all file name extensions and
then you can go ahead and close that box.
And then when you go back to your recents
folder, you may need to go out of it and
then go back into it.
You should wind up seeing
some sort of extensions,
some kind of dot followed
by those letters.
And it's usually three to four
letters after the name of the file and
those are called extensions.
So this is telling me that I have, these
are HTML files, that's a JavaScript file.
This is a CSS file, this is a PDF file.
So I have all kinds of different
files that are going on here in my
recents folder.
>> Jen Kramer All right, and so that is
the way that you're gonna go ahead and
get access to your files and folders here
on your Mac and make sure that you have
your extensions turned on, super
important as you start web development.